 When the gods created life, they had no 
idea what it would lead to. And it led to 
disaster. And now it's not just our world, 
our universe. All life in all worlds and 
dimensions is threatened with destruction. 
The gods lost their power and now have to 
hold back the darkness on their worlds, 
on their lands, or to protect them from 
the darkness.
 But the gods cannot interfere in the 
struggle of mortals (which in fact 
started because of them). But they can 
indirectly help their children. Some will 
get a chance to summon warrior of one of 
the gods, some will get a weapon forged 
by gods themselves, and some will moan as 
imesar or warrior of one of the gods. Or 
people will join the darkness and help to 
destroy the weakened gods.
 
 A lost island in the Bermuda Triangle 
beckons and attracts sailors. To smash 
their ships against the sharp cliffs. 
Which act as a protective barrier. To 
keep out mortals and creatures of 
darkness from the forest.
 But the darkness never slumbers and 
beckons ships again and again. And this 
time was no exception. A week of calm, 
unknown currents. And here's another ship 
sees an island on the horizon. The crew 
hurries towards the cherished land of 
salvation as they are running out of food 
and a day's supply of water. But as they 
approach, a violent storm rises, the ship 
loses control and hits the rocks.
 And basically that would have been it. 
But something happened that no mortal or 
immortal could have foreseen. Unless the 
Goddess of Fate knew, knew and didn't 
intervene. Almost didn't interfere.
 What awaited the island of the forgotten 
god Veles? Salvation? Or total 
destruction with all its inhabitants? Why 
in thousands 
of years has only one man survived? And 
what other secrets lie hidden in the 
depths of an ancient land of a bygone era?
