# The-Island-2.0
Peace: Earth

Subject: War of the Gods

History: Veles

An ancient island surrounded by rocks in a
lost sea with an ancient evil imprisoned 
in its depths. It would seem that nothing 
could go wrong... But the servants of 
darkness do not sleep, and constantly lure
the ships perishing on the rocks. Looking 
for someone to free the ancient evil from 
its imprisonment.

It would seem that what could be easier 
than to survive on a tropical island after 
the crash? But trouble comes when you 
least expect it. The weirdness begins as 
soon as you wake up on the strange island 
inhabited by strange creatures. And you 
don't know if they're friends or enemies. 
Will they help you survive or it's 
oborigines cannibals ready to devour 
anyone who is on their lands. What's more, 
whether the dormant darkness of the island 
will break free depends on you. Can the 
gods prevail?! And what other secrets does 
the strange island hide?

Upgrade your character, build a shelter, 
grow fruit and vegetables, and create 
shrieking and other artifacts. Every 
action you take has consequences and 
death is final. And will awaken the enemy 
of the gods and all life, and you only 
have to start all over again.

 *Island Survival.
 *RPG.
 *???????
